introduce ollama processor (#2702)
redpanda-data/connect: docs/modules/components/pages/processors/ollama_chat.adoc

= ollama_chat
:type: processor
:status: experimental
:categories: ["AI"]

////
     THIS FILE IS AUTOGENERATED!

     To make changes, edit the corresponding source file under:

     https://github.com/redpanda-data/connect/tree/main/internal/impl/<provider>.

     And:

     https://github.com/redpanda-data/connect/tree/main/cmd/tools/docs_gen/templates/plugin.adoc.tmpl
////

component_type_dropdown::[]

> Processor that uses the Ollama API to generate text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sends prompts to your chosen Ollama large language model (LLM) and generates text from the responses, using the Ollama API.
```
I wondered if we could give the user a more detailed description of what the processor does. This is just a suggestion.

Author: > Also, both processors in the PR need adding to the nav.adoc to show up in the left-hand navigation.

Where is nav.adoc? I don't know where that is

Reviewer: I'll need to do this in the other repo but it's just a reminder because needs to go out at the same time. This caught me out on Friday.

> Introduced in version 4.31.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Introduced in version 4.32.0.
```

[tabs]
======
Common::
+
--

```yml

> # Common config fields, showing default values

Author: This is common code in another place of the codebase, I can open another PR to update.

label: ""
ollama_chat:

>   server_address: "" # No default (optional)

Author: Writing `http://127.0.0.1:11434` is different because then the processor will not start a locally running ollama instance but use an already running server. Any ideas on how to make that clearer?

>   server_address: "" # No default (optional)

Reviewer: You could say this?

The address of the Ollama server to use. The processor starts and runs a local Ollama server unless you specify the address of a local or remote server.

>   server_address: "" # No default (optional)

Author: Done!

  model: llama3 # No default (required)
  prompt: "" # No default (optional)
```

--
Advanced::
+
--

```yml

> # All config fields, showing default values

Author: I will open another PR to fix

label: ""
ollama_chat:
  server_address: "" # No default (optional)
  ollama_directory: "" # No default (optional)
  model: llama3 # No default (required)
  prompt: "" # No default (optional)
  system_prompt: "" # No default (optional)
```

--
======

> Processor that uses the Ollama API to generate text.

Author: I think it will be better with another one of your suggestions

> Processor that uses the Ollama API to generate text.

Reviewer: Is there any more details we need to give, otherwise this will just be a duplication of the short description at the top of the page?

> Processor that uses the Ollama API to generate text.

Author: I added more details

> See https://ollama.com/[https://ollama.com/^] for more information.

Author: Thank you!

== Fields

=== `server_address`

> The address of a remote ollama server to use. If omitted a local ollama server will be started and ran.

Author: Thanks, done!

*Type*: `string`

=== `ollama_directory`

> The directory to unpack the ollama binary into. Defaults to /tmp

Author: Done, thanks!

*Type*: `string`

=== `model`

The ollama model to use

*Type*: `string`

```yml
# Examples

model: llama3

model: gemma2

model: qwen2

model: phi3
```

=== `prompt`

> The prompt to submit to the model. By default the entire payload as a string is submitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The prompt you want to generate a response for. By default, the processor submits the entire payload as a string. This field supports [interpolation functions](http://localhost:8000/configuration/interpolation/#bloblang-queries).
```
Just a suggestion to make this description distinct from the system prompt?

Author: Thanks, much better!
